The Pointy End
Entering King's Landing, we see Syrio Forel dancing with Arya. Syrio Forel: Yah! Left high, left low. How ironic it seems, how peacefully Arya and Syrio are dancing, near the Throne room, the Kings Guard fights a few Stark men. Going back again at Arya's dancing training. Syrio Forel: Right low, lunge right. Outside in a courtyard, a few Stark stewards are packing and bringing out the Stark family's belongings. Steward of House Stark: If you break anything, the Septa will have my head. What is... The stewards are being slaughtered by the Kingsguard. Going back inside the Red Keep, Sansa is walking down a hallway with her Septa. Septa Mordane: Your sister knew perfectly well we were to leave today. How she could forget... Sansa Stark: She didn't forget. She's with her dancing master. She's with him every morning. She always comes back with scrapes and bruises. She's so clumsy. Septa Mordane: Hush! Go back to your room. Bar the doors and do not open them for anyone you do not know. Sansa Stark: What is it? What's happening? Septa Mordane: Do as I told you. Run! Back at Arya's training. Syrio Forel: This way! Left, right. Rah! Now you are dead. Arya Stark: You said right, but you went left. Syrio Forel: And now you are a dead girl. Arya Stark: Only 'cause you lied. Syrio Forel: My tongue lied. My eyes shouted the truth. You were not seeing. Arya Stark: I was so. I watched, but you... Syrio Forel: Watching is not seeing, dead girl. The seeing, the true seeing, that is the heart of swordplay. The Kingsguard approaches. Meryn Trant: Arya Stark, come with us. Your father wants to see you. Syrio Forel: And why is it that Lord Eddard is sending Lannister men in place of his own? I am wondering. Meryn Trant: Mind your place, dancing master. This is no concern of yours. Arya Stark: My father wouldn't send you. As she picks up her wooden stick from the ground, she says. Arya Stark: And I don't have to go with you if I don't want. Maryn Trant: Take her. Syrio Forel: Are you men or snakes, that you would threaten a child? Kings guard: Get out of my way, little man. Syrio Forel: I am Syrio Forel. Kings guard: Foreign bastard. The Kings guard draws his sword. Before he can strike, Syrio hits him with his wooden stick. Knocking him out. Syrio Forel: And you will be speaking to me with more respect. Meryn Trant: Kill the Braavosi. Bring the girl. Syrio Forel: Arya child, we are done with dancing for the day. Run to your father. Syrio Forel fights three Kings guards at once, eventually knocking them all out. Meryn Trant: Bloody oafs. Syrio Forel: Be gone now, Arya. Arya Stark: Come with me. Run. Syrio Forel: The first sword of Braavos does not run. Meryn Trant strikes Syrio, a short duel takes place. Eventually Meryn Trant cuts Syrio Forel's wooden sword into pieces. Syrio Forel: What do we say to the God of death? Arya Stark: Not today. Syrio Forel: Go. Arya Stark runs off and hears a bunch of screams from down the hallway. She looks concerned. Arya Stark: Not today. Not today. Back on the other side of the Red Keep, Sansa runs on, but is stopped by a familiar face. Sansa Stark: Stay away from me. I'll tell my father. I'll...I'll tell the Queen. Sandor Clegane: Who do you think sent me? Back to Arya, we see that she has arrived at the slaughtered stewards. She sees her belongings lying on the ground. Arya Stark: Needle. A stable boy appears. Stable Boy: There she is. Arya Stark: What do you want? Stable Boy: I want you, wolf girl. Come here. Arya Stark: Leave me be. My father's a lord. He'll reward you. Stable Boy: She'll reward me, the Queen! Arya Stark: Stay away! Accidentally, she turns around sliding Needle through the stable boys belly. Her first kill is a fact. Shook as she is, she runs off.