You Win Or You Die
Trumpets sounds from the Lannister camp. Going inside a tent, we see Tywin Lannister sharpening his knifes, preparing to skin a deer, while Jaime Lannister starts reading the received letter from Ned Stark. Jaime Lannister: "Summoned to court to answer for the crimes of your bannerman Gregor Clegane, the Mountain" Uh, "arrive within the fortnight or be branded an enemy of the Crown." Poor Ned Stark. Brave man, terrible judgment. Tywin Lannister: Attacking him was stupid. Tywin Lannister: Lannisters don't act like fools. Are you gonna say something clever? Go on, say something clever. Jaime Lannister: Catelyn Stark took my brother. Tywin Lannister: Why is he still alive? Jaime Lannister: Tyrion? Tywin Lannister: Ned Stark. Jaime Lannister: One of our men interfered, speared him through the leg before I could finish him. Tywin Lannister: Why is he still alive? Jaime Lannister: It wouldn't have been clean. Tywin Lannister: Clean... Tywin Lannister: You spend too much time worrying about what other people think of you. Jaime Lannister: I could care less what anyone thinks of me. Tywin Lannister: Now that's what you want people to think of you. Jaime Lannister: It's the truth. Tywin Lannister: When you hear them whispering "Kingslayer" behind your back, doesn't it bother you? Jaime Lannister: Of course it bothers me. Tywin Lannister: The lion doesn't concern himself with the opinions of the sheep. I suppose I should be grateful that your vanity got in the way of your recklessness. I'm giving you half of our forces. 30,000 men. You will bring them to Catelyn Stark's girlhood home and remind her that Lannisters pay their debts. Jaime Lannister: I didn't realize you placed such a high value on my brother's life. Tywin Lannister: He's a Lannister. He might be the lowest of the Lannisters, but he's one of us. And every day that he remains a prisoner, the less our name commands respect. Jaime Lannister: So the lion does concern himself with the opinions of.. Tywin Lannister: No, it's not an opinion, it's a fact! If another House can seize one of our own and hold him captive with impunity, we are no longer a House to be feared. Your mother's dead. Before long I'll be dead. And you and your brother and your sister and all of her children. All of us dead, all of us rotting in the ground. It's the family name that lives on. It's all that lives on. Not your personal glory, not your honor, but family. Do you understand? Jaime nods gently. Tywin Lannister: Hmm. You're blessed with abilities that few men possess. You are blessed to belong to the most powerful family in the kingdoms. And you are still blessed with youth. And what have you done with these blessings, huh? You've served as a glorified bodyguard for two kings. One a madman, the other a drunk. The future of our family will be determined in these next few months. We could establish a dynasty that will last a thousand years. Or we could collapse into nothing, as the Targaryens did. I need you to become a man you were always meant to be. Not next year. Not tomorrow. Now. Submissive as he looks, Jaime walks out of the tent.